This image here is missing because I deployed a new word to Heroku and the thing is whenever you do
that it in the end restarts your server.
You could say and with that I don't just mean the note process at restarts the entire machine where
your node app is running on kinda off of course and the end users uses a system where multiple apps
sit on one of the same machine but your virtual machine on that machine so to say will be restarted
the same by the way will also happen if you manually restarted here through your console of course.
Or also since we have the free plan the same will also happen every 30 minutes.
Then it goes to sleep which means your virtual machine kind of gets shut down and when a new request
arrives it's restarted.
Now the thing is the files you upload are not persistently stored on you Rocco's service.
Your code is stored and it's simply restarted when average is required you but your other files like
the uploaded images are not stored.
Now that's not the same for every hosting provider of course.
For example on a W S if you rent an entire virtual machine which you can manage on your own then files
are not lost.
When you restarted it really depends on the hosting provider and the exact service and maybe also the
pricing tier you are using in here Rocco's case.
If you search for Heroku persistent storage for example you'll find a help article where this is explained
and there you also get your recommendation to instead of storing files on the filesystem store files
on dedicated static file hosts like a W SS free and you can always learn how you could adjust your notorious
code to move your files to that host.
So that is something you can look into if you choose a certain hosting provider but again depending
on which provider you are choosing you might also be on one where this isn't an issue because files
are deleted there because maybe you rented an entire server or something like this.
So it really depends on the exact hosting setup you're using.
It just is something you also should be aware of.